FA2022-- CD Spectrometer Legacy Code Maintenance and Upgrade   
   Migrations are SUPER important within Django. In this text file, I am going to explain to you
their importance, how they are created, and some additional resources where you can find more info.

   Basically, Django works in conjunction with a database, like SQL. In this case, the capstone class which started this
project used Django with PostgresSQL. They created models for the cdspec and users via models.py files within Django. 
These models hold all of the attributes that the cdspec, or user would have. We want these models and their 
attributes to be fillable with data. So how do we get these models into a database? With migrations!

   Our administrative .py file, manage.py, will be responsible for migrating contents. It will use two commands:

python manage.py makemigrations

This first command makes a migration file. That file tracks the attributes of a model, by looking into the models.py file. 
It also tracks the attributes we change. So, if we were to add more data fields to the cdspec or to a user model 
via their models.py, we would need to rerun this command to create an updated migration file.

python manage.py migrate

This second command will migrate the contents of our migration file, into the postgresSQL database. Therefore, it will
allow for the creation of data tables representing all of the fields for cd spectrometers, as well as users.

   Migrations are advantageous due to their autonomy. Instead of having to enter our database, and create these tables, and update them
anytime we have a change or new software requirement, we can instead just migrate. This means we can keep the postgresSQL relatively
encapsulated, and not have to change things there; we just make changes in our models and migrate them over.

*RESOURCES*
   Here are some resources you will find helpful. Included is a 5-min video which I highly recommend. He explains migrations
very concisely, and probably better than I can in this short text file!

1) Django Tutorial #7 - Migrations
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOLrEkpGWDg
   
2) Django Migrations: A Primer
   https://realpython.com/django-migrations-a-primer/
